Kim Taehyung 김태형, known as his stage name "V", is a South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. He is a member of BTS, as well as a successful solo artist. He is a baritone, known for his wide vocal range and unique musicality. He is heavily influenced by his love for jazz and classical music. As a dancer and performer he is recognized worldwide for his engaging stage presence and versatility. 


Taehyung was born on December 30, 1995 in Bisan-dong, Seo-gu, Daegu, South Korea. He graduated from Korean Arts High School in 2014. He also received his degree in Broadcasting and Entertainment from the Global Cyber University in 2020.


V made his debut with BTS on June 13, 2013. He was credited for music composition on many BTS songs, first being ‘Hold Me Tight’ from the album ‘The Most Beautiful Moment in Life, Part 1.” The first solo single he composed for BTS was ‘Stigma’ from the album “Wings”. His second solo song with BTS, ‘Singularity,’ was released in May 2018, on their third LP, “Love Yourself: Tear.” ‘Singularity earned critical acclaim, including being ranked #20 on the “65 Best Songs of 2018’ by the New York Times. 


Taehyung made his acting debut in 2016 in ‘Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth.’ He also collaborated with fellow BTS member, Jin, on ‘It’s Definitely You’ for the ‘Hwarang’ Soundtrack in 2017.


As a solo artist, he released his first self-composed song, ‘Scenery’ on January 30, 2019 via SoundCloud. It broke the daily streaming record nine times during it’s first two weeks of release. Seven months later, he released ‘Winter Bear’ on August 9, 2019, along with a self-directed music video published on BTS’s YouTube page.


He followed those up with ‘Sweet Night’ in March 2020, a song he wrote and performed for the soundtrack of the JTBC drama ‘Itaewon Class.’ ‘Sweet Night’ debuted at number two on Billboard’s U.S. Digital Song sales chart, the the highest debut for a K-soloist in the chart’s history. Then on December 25, 2020, he released another solo track, ‘Snow Flower’ featuring Peakboy. He released his third OST on December 21, 2021 with ‘Christmas Tree.” It was written for the South Korean television series ‘Our Beloved Summer.’


V released his first solo album, ‘Layover,’ on September 8, 2023.


V is also credited with coining the phrase, “I purple you (Borahae)” in November 2016. Since then, purple has become synonymous with BTS and their fanbase. The phrase was also used by UNICEF for BTS’s anti-bullying collaboration. 


Taehyung is also well-known for his love of his late dog, Kim Yeontan, a pomeranian first introduced to fans in December 2017. Yeontan or "Tannie" was a huge part of Taehyung's life, and was cited as his muse for his debut album, ‘Layover.” His image graced the cover of the album, and he is featured in the music videos. V also used Yeontan’s image for the cover art for his collaboration with Bing Crosby, “White Christmas.’ The music video also featured a cartoonYeontan, ending in an image of Tannie in the stars. Taehyung later announced the passing of Yeontan in late 2024.









