Jeon Jungkook, (전정국), better known as Jungkook, is a  South Korean singer, songwriter and record producer. He  is the youngest member of the K-Pop band BTS. He is  the lead vocalist, center and maknae of the group. 


Jungkook was born on September 1, 1997, in Busan,  South Korea. He graduated from Seoul’s School of  Performing Arts in 2017. He received his college degree in  Broadcasting and Entertainment in 2022. 


Jungkook auditioned for the South Korean talent show,  Superstar K in 2011. While not selected for the show, he  was given casting offers from seven entertainment  companies. He chose Big Hit, partially due to his desire to  work with RM, the leader of BTS. 


Jungkook debuted with BTS on June 12, 2013. Along with  being an integral member of the vocal and dance lines,  Jungkook also contributed as a soloist, songwriter and  producer. His first solo song for BTS was “Begin,”  released in 2016 on the album, ‘Wings.” The second was  “Euphoria” originally released as a part of the BTS short  film, “Euphoria: Theme of Love Yourself 起 Wonder” and  later on the album, ‘Love Yourself: Answer.”  


Throughout his time with BTS, Jungkook also branched  out with many solo performances and activities. Some  most notable included his appearance on the “The King of  Masked Singer’ in 2016, where he performed under the name “Fencing Man.” Additionally, in Movember 2018 he  performed under”We Don’t Talk Anymore” with Charlie Puth during the MBC Plus X Genie Music Awards.  


He released his first solo song, “Still With You” on  SoundCloud in 2020 as part of the BTS Festa celebration.  He wrote and produced the track himself.  
In February 2022, Jungkook collaborated with Suga of  BTS on the soundtrack for “7Fates: Chakho” with the song “Stay Alive.” This solo song earned Jungkook his  first of many entries into the Billboard Hot 100, debuting  at #95. It also became the first Korean soundtrack in  history to debut on the Official Singles Chart in the UK at  #89. His next solo effort was another collaboration with  Charlie Puth on the single, “Left and Right,” released on  June 24, 2022. 


Five months later, Jungkook released his  third solo single, “Dreamers,” as part of the 2022 FIFA  World Cup soundtrack. Jungkook co-wrote the song, as  well as performed it live at the Opening Ceremonies.  Jungkook also collaborated with The Kid Laroi and  Central Cee on the single, “Too Much” released in 2023.  


After BTS’s hiatus beginning in late 2022 Jungkook began  his journey towards his first solo album, “Golden.” The  first single, “Seven,” was released on July 14, 2023.  Jungkook filmed the entire process for his documentary,  “I Am Still,” first released in theatres worldwide on 
September 18, 2024, and then as a docuseries on  Disney+ on December 3, 2024. 
